Welcome, in this video, we're going to update our remote references
now that we've renamed our GitHub repository.
In a previous video, we renamed our repository from "my-website" to just "website".
As a consequence to that, any clones of this repository
we'll need to update the references so they will continue to work.
Let me show you what I mean; if I go back to my terminal,
then go to the "website" repo on our local system,
If I do a "remote -v", I can see that origin is pointing to "my-website"
on GitHub, instead of just "website" on GitHub. Let's update that now.
Alright, in order to update the reference to origin, let's go back to GitHub;
in the lower right hand side, we have our cloning options.
Just go back to the copy to clipboard button; click it to copy the current
URL value into the clipboard, and now let's return back to the terminal.
Alright, now type "git remote set-url"; space;
and then the name of the remote reference that we need to update,
in this case "origin"; then space; and then paste in the URL we just copied from GitHub.
Double check that line, and then press enter. Now if we do a "git remote -v",
origin is now pointing to "website" instead of "my-website".
We can get additional information about origin by typing the command:
"git remote show"; space; and then the name of our remote reference, which is "origin".
This shows us that we have our remote named origin.
The push and fetch URLs are identical, which is the case most of the time.
"HEAD branch" is "master", which is our main branch.
The remote branch is master, and it's tracked.
That just means that whenever we do a "git push" or a "git pull",
it will automatically synchronize between the master branches on both sides.
And, finally, as much as it knows, it tells us that master on both sides are up-to-date.